hello people, how are you? I'm gilson and how are you?
how many right?
I'm here by posting a video here
this beauty
good if you suddenly forget this
Here the brand
if you say consider this symbol here
and you call me on this one, you go
buy a good good guy good product at
sense that it will solve the whole
drug that will scold you too
depending on your type of use and short stories
Hi, dude, because suddenly the floor lining
of iron that only knows how to put
You're ready to have a bike that will give you
scold me and everything will keep me going
I consider it a hypothesis in people who
speak generally or do not have and will never
has been based on what others are saying or
that guy who suddenly had
an attack on life
good the bike the small door that Neitiznot
this is a big bike is not
But it's just that the cost is a bit more
high but slightly lower than cb
An example of a walking stick and
reinvented here original $ 39
durability very good hard for damn
if I buy from cbb
XR is expensive, you will not pay less than
120 and how much better to say for
Woke up super, I do not know how to say
durability've had both the bike
durability
It's just like the good old man is in doubt.
to buy a bike in the big time does not go
on the bike search more have a little faith
Face walks on something different leaves the
routine will end up liking the bike
now my dear if suddenly you are
that guy who only has a mark on
head
You do not understand without shoes.
brand
so I'm just sorry for you here you
has a slightly more exclusive product
but this brand here leaves a lot
owner embarrassed because he does not give
not the mark which complies with the
consumer is not a brand that does not care
pro their owners fuck everyone
she launched had an investment of
million of a Chinese company and
almost closing the doors because a
President who has no capacity to
manage nothing
I understand that it is even difficult
run my own house very well
in a company but if you submit
to manage such a thing has the
for that
in my case I have a motorcycle only
that fulfill what I want
It's very expensive, I 'm going to see a motorcycle.
who can walk 150 with this girl
engine can do this
silent the only expense I have to
every 3 thousand
is an oil filter and a liter and a half of
love it or any other oil you
I want to put my case hope
You have been able to help you in your
decision to get back on the bike to work
for you to see the speed
where does it work
taking into account that this is the
My friday the bike I'm surprised is
right at the start
good people, love, taillin, lady of conduct
my dear, go before you know
who has
ignores these guy who never had it
based only
in the opinion of other people
got behind what you want was great
hug